.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## Issue

**Server Setup Information**:

* Did you test in newest Wekan?:
* For new Wekan install, did you configure root-url correctly https://github.com/wekan/wekan/wiki/Settings ?
* Wekan version:
* If this is about old version of Wekan, what upgrade problem you have?:
* Operating System:
* Deployment Method(snap/docker/sandstorm/mongodb bundle/source):
* Http frontend if any (Caddy, Nginx, Apache, see config examples from Wekan GitHub wiki first):
* Node Version:
* MongoDB Version:
* ROOT_URL environment variable http(s)://(subdomain).example.com(/suburl):

**Problem description**:
- *REQUIRED: Add recorded animated gif about how it works currently, and screenshot mockups how it should work. Use peek to record animgif in Linux https://github.com/phw/peek*
- *Explain steps how to reproduce*
- *In webbrowser, what does show Right Click / Inspect / Console ? Chrome shows more detailed info than Firefox.*
- *If using Snap, what does show command `sudo snap logs wekan.wekan` ?*
- *If using Docker, what does show command `sudo docker logs wekan-app` ?*
- *If logs are very long, attach them in .zip file*

Commit message:

Update GitHub issue template for LDAP and Snap issues elsewhere.

.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.md, after:

## Issue

Add these issues to elsewhere:
- LDAP: https://github.com/wekan/wekan-ldap/issues
- Snap: https://github.com/wekan/wekan-snap/issues

Other Wekan issues can be added here.

**Server Setup Information**:

* Did you test in newest Wekan?:
* For new Wekan install, did you configure root-url correctly https://github.com/wekan/wekan/wiki/Settings ?
* Wekan version:
* If this is about old version of Wekan, what upgrade problem you have?:
* Operating System:
* Deployment Method(snap/docker/sandstorm/mongodb bundle/source):
* Http frontend if any (Caddy, Nginx, Apache, see config examples from Wekan GitHub wiki first):
* Node Version:
* MongoDB Version:
* ROOT_URL environment variable http(s)://(subdomain).example.com(/suburl):

**Problem description**:
- *REQUIRED: Add recorded animated gif about how it works currently, and screenshot mockups how it should work. Use peek to record animgif in Linux https://github.com/phw/peek*
- *Explain steps how to reproduce*
- *In webbrowser, what does show Right Click / Inspect / Console ? Chrome shows more detailed info than Firefox.*
- *If using Snap, what does show command `sudo snap logs wekan.wekan` ?*
- *If using Docker, what does show command `sudo docker logs wekan-app` ?*
- *If logs are very long, attach them in .zip file*
