README.md, before:

# Wekan

[![Join the chat at https://gitter.im/wekan/wekan](https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg)](https://gitter.im/wekan/wekan?utm_source=badge&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=pr-badge&utm_content=badge)

<!-- XXX Need to improve this introduction -->

Wekan is an open-source *kanban* board that let you organize things in cards,
and cards in lists. You can use it alone, or with your team and family thanks to
our real-time synchronisation feature. Wekan is a land of liberty and you can
implement all sort of workflows on it using tags, comments, member assignation,
and many more.

[![Our roadmap is self-hosted on LibreBoard][thumbnail]][roadmap]

Since it is a free software, you don’t have to trust us with your data and can
install Wekan on your own computer or server. In fact we encourage you to do
that by providing one-click installation on Heroku or
[Sandstorm](https://sandstorm.io) platforms and verified
[Docker](https://www.docker.com) images.

[![Deploy](https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png)](https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/wekan/wekan/tree/master)

Wekan is released under the very permissive [MIT license](LICENSE), and made
with [Meteor](https://www.meteor.com).

[Our roadmap is self-hosted on LibreBoard][roadmap]

[thumbnail]: http://i.imgur.com/IIdHUmW.png
[roadmap]: http://libreboard.com/boards/MeSsFJaSqeuo9M6bs/libreboard-roadmap

Commit message:

Update README in preparation of v0.9
Use the Sandstorm app market introduction and update the links to
docker, sandstorm, gitter, and heroku, and the app screenshot.

README.md, after:

# Wekan

[![Join the chat][gitter_badge]][gitter_chat]

Wekan is an open-source and collaborative kanban board application.

Whether you’re maintaining a personal todo list, planning your holidays with
some friends, or working in a team on your next revolutionary idea, Kanban
boards are an unbeatable tool to keep your things organized. They give you a
visual overview of the current state of your project, and make you productive by
allowing you to focus on the few items that matter the most.

[![Our roadmap is self-hosted on Wekan][screenshot]][roadmap]

Wekan supports most features you would expect of it including a real-time user
interface, cards comments, member assignations, customizable labels, filtered
views, and more.

Since it is a free software, you don’t have to trust us with your data and can
install Wekan on your own computer or server. In fact we encourage you to do
that by providing one-click installation on Heroku or [Sandstorm]
[sandstorm_market] platforms and verified [Docker][docker_image] images.

[![Deploy][heroku_button]][heroku_deploy]

Wekan is released under the very permissive [MIT license](LICENSE), and made
with [Meteor](https://www.meteor.com).

[Our roadmap is self-hosted on Wekan][roadmap]

[screenshot]: http://i.imgur.com/cI4jW2h.png
[gitter_badge]: https://badges.gitter.im/Join%20Chat.svg
[gitter_chat]: https://gitter.im/wekan/wekan
[roadmap]: http://try.wekan.io/b/MeSsFJaSqeuo9M6bs/wekan-roadmap
[sandstorm_market]: https://oasis.sandstorm.io/appdemo/m86q05rdvj14yvn78ghaxynqz7u2svw6rnttptxx49g1785cdv1h
[docker_image]: https://hub.docker.com/r/mquandalle/wekan/
[heroku_button]: https://www.herokucdn.com/deploy/button.png
[heroku_deploy]: https://heroku.com/deploy?template=https://github.com/wekan/wekan/tree/master
